=head1 NAME

Salsa_OAI - Simple OAI data provider

=head1 VERSION

version 0.004

=head1 SYNOPSIS

This is a small webapp which acts as a OAI data provider based on
L<HTTP::OAI::DataProvider|https://github.com/mokko/HTTP-OAI-DataProvider> and Tim Brody's L<HTTP::OAI>. It is simply since
it

=over 4



=back

* does not support all OAI features (see below)
* it should be easy to maintain
* easy to configure
* easy to install

For a list of OAI features, see L<HTTP::OAI::DataProvider|https://github.com/mokko/HTTP-OAI-DataProvider>

=head1 FUNCTIONS

=head2 config_check ();

Run checks if Dancer's configuration make sense, e.g. if chunking enabled, it
should also have the relevant information (e.g. chunk_dir). This check should
run during initial start up and throw intelligble errors if it fails, so we can
fix them right there and then and do not have to test all possibilities to
discover them.

=head2 $provider=init_provider();

Initialize the data provider with settings either from Dancer's config
if classic configuration information or from callbacks.

=head2 welcome()

Gets called from Dancer's routes to display html pages on Salsa_OAI

=head2 Debug "Message";

Use Dancer's debug function if available or else write to STDOUT. Register this
callback during init_provider.

=head2 Warning "Message";

Use Dancer's warning function if available or pass message to perl's warn.

=head2 my $library = salsa_setLibrary();

Reads the setLibrary from dancer's config file
  and returns it in form of a HTTP::OAI::ListSet object(
	     which can, of course, include one
	  or more HTTP::OAI::Set objects
  )
  .

  Background: setNames
  and setDescriptions are not stored with OAI headers,
  but instead in the setLibrary
  . HTTP::OAI::DataProvider::SetLibrary associates setSpecs with setNames
  and setDescriptions
  .

=head2 my xslt_fn=salsa_locateXSL($prefix);

locateXSL callback expects a metadataFormat prefix and will return the full
path to the xsl which is responsible for this transformation. On failure:
returns nothing.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item *

L<Dancer|http://perldancer.org> or at cpan

=item *

Some ideas concerning inheritance and abstracion derived from OCLC's OAIcat.

=item *

L<HTTP::OAI>

=item *

L<HTTP::OAI::DataProvider|https://github.com/mokko/HTTP-OAI-DataProvider>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Maurice Mengel <mauricemengel@gmail.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2011 by Maurice Mengel.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

